Tw 171 convert external resources to kb (#1841)
temporalio/documentation: kb/additional-resources.md

---
slug: additional-resources

> title: Additional Resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Additional resources
```

tags:
  - resources
date: 2022-12-12T00:00:00Z
---

> There are many ways to introduce and teach Temporal based on what background you are coming from. Temporal doesn't have a monopoly on explaining Temporal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many ways to introduce and teach Temporal based on your background.
Temporal doesn't have a monopoly on explaining Temporal.
```

> Here, we list great blogposts and videos by Temporal staff and users that may be helpful in increasing your understanding or convincing your team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, we list great blogposts and videos by Temporal staff and users that might be helpful in increasing your understanding or convincing your team.
```

> Here, we list great blogposts and videos by Temporal staff and users that may be helpful in increasing your understanding or convincing your team.

Reviewer 2: Add the `<!-- truncate -->` comment after this opening sentence -

> If you have made a tutorial or explanation of Temporal, please [submit them here](https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/edit/master/docs/kb/additional-resources.md) so that others can find it!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have made a tutorial or explanation of Temporal, please [submit them here](https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/edit/master/kb/additional-resources.md) so that others can find it!
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<!-- truncate -->

```

> ## Press Announcements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Press announcements
```

---
slug: additional-resources

> title: Additional resources

Reviewer 2: Can we call this "How to explain Temporal" ?

tags:
  - resources
date: 2022-12-12T00:00:00Z
---

> <!-- truncate -->

Reviewer 2: Move the truncate to below the first sentence so that the first sentence shows on the kb article landing page

There are many ways to introduce and teach Temporal based on your background.
Temporal doesn't have a monopoly on explaining Temporal.

Here, we list great blogposts and videos by Temporal staff and users that might be helpful in increasing your understanding or convincing your team.

> If you have made a tutorial or explanation of Temporal, please [submit them here](https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/edit/master/kb/additional-resources.md) so that others can find it!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have made a tutorial or explanation of Temporal, please [submit them here](https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/edit/master/kb/how-to-explain-temporal.md) so that others can find it!
```

  - (Türkçe) [Nedir Bu Temporal.IO?](https://alameddinc.medium.com/nedir-bu-temporal-io-680f3b242136) by Alameddin Çelik
  - (русский) [PHP Russia talks](https://legacy-documentation-sdks.temporal.io/php/introduction/#resources) by Anton Titov
  - (中文) [Temporal 简介](https://www.yuque.com/abser/txixor/oz3yav) by Abser Ari 杨鼎睿

> - _submit yours [here](https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/edit/master/docs/kb/additional-resources.md)!_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _Aubmit yours [here](https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/edit/master/kb/additional-resources.md)!_
```

  - (Türkçe) [Nedir Bu Temporal.IO?](https://alameddinc.medium.com/nedir-bu-temporal-io-680f3b242136) by Alameddin Çelik
  - (русский) [PHP Russia talks](https://legacy-documentation-sdks.temporal.io/php/introduction/#resources) by Anton Titov
  - (中文) [Temporal 简介](https://www.yuque.com/abser/txixor/oz3yav) by Abser Ari 杨鼎睿

> - _Aubmit yours [here](https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/edit/master/kb/additional-resources.md)!_

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- _Submit yours [here](https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/edit/master/kb/additional-resources.md)!_
```

Reviewer: Owie. Thanks for catching my typo, @lorensr!

> - _Submit yours [here](https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/edit/master/kb/additional-resources.md)!_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _Submit yours [here](https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/edit/master/kb/how-to-explain-temporal.md)!_
```
